source/about/index.md, before:

﻿---
title: About
date: 2016-06-26 14:13:18
layout: about
---

## 我是谁？

你好，我是胡阳广 Lyon Hu，常用昵称 Knowing。你可以叫我老糊，也可以叫我 Kitty。我喜欢 Hello Kitty，也喜欢 Cardcaptor Sakura。我喜欢可爱的事物，也喜欢美好的事物。很多人问我为什么喜欢 Hello Kitty，你们猜猜看。`٩(๑>◡<๑)۶`。

生活中，我是一名摄影师，同时也是一名学习者、经历者。曾在能见度不足十米的暴风雪中单板滑雪下山。我没上过大学，我也不是高手，离他们的距离还很远。正因如此，也为了实现心中立志，从业以来，我一直都在努力学习。我热爱生活，立志成为一名快乐、有爱的人，并以此影响其他人。

工作中，我是一名软件工程师，七年软件开发相关工作经验。追求优雅，有自己的代码品味。关注研发、设计、产品，拥抱 [自由与责任](https://book.douban.com/subject/30356081/) 的文化。曾在 [UCloud](https://www.ucloud.cn/) 任职前端研发工程师，曾在 [Kyligence](https://kyligence.io/) 任职高级软件工程师。我热爱工作，立志成为一名 [数字游民](https://jarodise.com/popular-posts)，做一点让世界变得更美好的事情。

我很喜欢[《白日梦想家》](https://movie.douban.com/subject/2133323/)这部电影。底片师 Walter Mitty 对未知的探索令我钦佩，摄影师 Sean O'Connell 对摄影的心态令我羡慕。但最吸引我的是《生活》杂志的那句“To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, draw closer, to find each other, and to feel. That is the purpose of life.”。我查阅了[《生活》杂志的维基百科](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_%28magazine%29)，并找到了创办者 Henry Luce 的原话。我觉得它非常契合我的人生格言“读万卷书，行万里路”。因此，我决定将它引用过来，作为自我介绍的一部分，分享给每一位小伙伴。

> To see life; to see the world; to eyewitness great events; to watch the faces of the poor and the gestures of the proud; to see strange things — machines, armies, multitudes, shadows in the jungle and on the moon; to see man's work — his paintings, towers and discoveries; to see things thousands of miles away, things hidden behind walls and within rooms, things dangerous to come to; the women that men love and many children; to see and take pleasure in seeing; to see and be amazed; to see and be instructed ... — Henry Luce

## 如何与我取得联系？

### 1. 微信：szxmsu

微信是我最常用的沟通工具，我会在有空时看看消息。每条消息我都会看，通常情况下，我会在 12 小时以内回复，最长不会超过 24 小时。

### 2. E-mail：szxmsu@gmail.com

E-mail 是我最可靠的沟通工具，我会在有空时看看邮件。每封邮件我都会看，通常情况下，我会在 24 小时以内回复，最长不会超过 48 小时。

### 3. 紧急情况联系方式

微信和 E-mail 作为我的异步沟通工具，沟通的时效性无法保证。我的手机全程设置请勿打扰，只有电话短信才会主动通知。如果事情比较紧急，可以给我打电话、发短信，我会尽可能地快速响应。由于这会打断我的节奏，所以对于事情紧不紧急，我相信你会有自己的判断。

这里不会公开我的手机号码，如果你有需求，可以与我取得联系。

### 4. 其他

1. Twitter：[@szxmsu](https://twitter.com/szxmsu)
2. Slack、Discord，暂未启用。

Commit message:

New post, user manual in english

source/about/index.md, after:

﻿---
title: About
date: 2016-06-26 14:13:18
layout: about
---

[Lyon Hu's Personal User Manual](/2024/personal-user-manual-in-english.html)

[胡阳广的个人使用说明书](/2024/personal-user-manual.html)

## Who Am I?

Hey, it's me, Lyon Hu, or as you might know me online, Knowing. Feel free to call me Lyon, or Kitty if you want something cuter. I'm a big fan of Hello Kitty and Cardcaptor Sakura. Adorable things and heart-warming things make my day. People sometimes ask me why I'm so obsessed with Hello Kitty. You guys wanna take a guess? *`*٩(๑>◡<๑)۶*`*.

In life, I'm a photographer, a learner, and an experiencer. I've snowboarded down Mt. Niseko-Annupuri in a snowstorm with low visibility. I've never been to college, and I've not been a maven yet. So, to achieve my aspirations from the bottom of my heart, I've been diligently learning since the beginning of my career. I like life, aspire to be a happy, loving person, and positively influence others in that way.

At work, I'm a software engineer with seven years of professional experience. I'm adept at managing technology and implementing products from scratch. I focus on R&D, designing, and producing, and I embrace [the culture of freedom and responsibility](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077Y4WVPT). I've worked as a front-end engineer at [UCloud](https://www.ucloud.cn/) and a senior software engineer at [Kyligence](https://kyligence.io/). I like work, aspire to be a [digital nomad](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_nomad), and do things that make the world a better place.

I like the movie [The Secret Life of Walter Mitty](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0359950/). Walter Mitty's exploration of the unknown is something I admire, and Sean O'Connell's attitude to photography is something I envy. However, what struck me the most was the quote, "To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, draw closer, to find each other, and to feel. That is the purpose of life." from Life magazine. After I had looked up [Life magazine on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_%28magazine%29), I realized that the quote was originally from the founder, Henry Luce. It perfectly aligns with my life motto, "Read more, walk more." So, I've decided to include it in my profile and share it with you guys.

> To see life; to see the world; to eyewitness great events; to watch the faces of the poor and the gestures of the proud; to see strange things — machines, armies, multitudes, shadows in the jungle and on the moon; to see man's work — his paintings, towers and discoveries; to see things thousands of miles away, things hidden behind walls and within rooms, things dangerous to come to; the women that men love and many children; to see and take pleasure in seeing; to see and be amazed; to see and be instructed ... — Henry Luce

## How Can You Get in Touch with Me?

### WeChat: szxmsu

WeChat is my usual communication tool, and I'll take a look when I'm free. I'll read every message and usually respond within 12 hours, or within 24 hours if I'm busy.

### E-mail: szxmsu@gmail.com

E-mail is my reliable communication tool, and I'll take a look when I'm free. I'll read every e-mail and usually respond within 24 hours, or within 48 hours if I'm busy.

### In Case of Emergency

Since e-mail and WeChat are my asynchronous communication tools, I might not be able to respond immediately. My cell phone is always on silent unless you call or text me. If you have an emergency, feel free to call or text me, and I'll respond as soon as possible. Since phone calls and texts might interrupt me, I trust you could make your own judgment on whether there is an emergency.

I'm not gonna share my phone number here, if you have an emergency in the future, there are other ways to get in touch with me for my phone number.

### Others

1. Twitter: [@szxmsu](https://twitter.com/szxmsu)
2. Slack & Discord: not yet, but maybe soon
